That is only my opinion, but the whole time that you have spend on Tryhackme was almost all useless because you can't figure out ONE machine in hackthebox without struggling for hours, even the easy ones. So now, as you are studying for yours exams to get your degree, this is the routine you are going to follow. The goal here is to get Guru Level on Hackthebox to unlock Endgames challenges and don't lose the practice using tools or exploiting stuff while you are studying using books and reading articles!

During week days, you are going to focus your study sessions on the content provided by Estacio and study for your exams, if you finish an module in the middle of the week, try do the tests and if you reach 80%++ points, you can schedule your exam and go to another module! If not, you will stay studying the current module because you didn't learn it properly of course. 

When you get in the end of the week, you are going into an HTB machine, it needs to be one actives and you can choose whatever level you want to. What is important here is that you HAVE to finish this machine before the week ends, create an write-up file and document how you was able to pwned the machine. If somehow you couldn't finish the machine, get the name and you are going to book one of your study sessions to READ write ups and see what you lost! You are going to do this until you reach the guru level, once you reach, go into the end games and follow the same shit! Document all on your GitHub repository, figure out the lacks in your knowledge and improve yourself!

If comes at the point that you are struggling or spent a lot of time in an specific vulnerability type or an technique, take notes and try search for labs like PortSwigger that reflect better how these shits appears in the real world.(Like this CRSF Token and vulnerabilities using this!). You can create notes explaining them as well, it you help you understand more and you can also add this to some kind of blog that you are planning creating.(Stay away from medium.) 

So today is 04.14.2024 and you are going to follow this routine, if you figure out that something is going wrong or you are not improving, fix it up and document it here. Why? I don't know, it just gives an feel that I'm managing it better.  